--------------------Chapter 01
	"She's probably a runaway," I heard from the other room. "I don't think anyone's tried looking for her for a long time. She's been on her own."
	I sat, lookin up as they entered the room, a quick fake smile was equiped by the stranger as she knelt down in front of me.
	"Hi sweetie, do you know where your mommy or daddy is?"
	Her attempt at friendliness was left greatly unappreciated. Her actions hid all intentions from the surface, however someone of my kind would not be fooled by social niceties.
	I must have been giving her a dead stare because she felt the need to break my desired silence.
	"Well, we're going to take care of you until we find your parents,"
	*some kind of overly fake happy diallougue*
	I pullled my legs up and hugged them, "Can I leave now?"
	"Well... not right now," she glanced at the man "we need to make sure you have some adult to take care of you. We don't want you to be scared or hurt."
	She stood up and walked away. I could hear the mumble of conversation out of earshot this time. They were also out of earshot from me.
	I started searching through drawers for anything useful. Keys, keys, where would they keep them? I pulled out some small thing metal object, it resembled a dull knife. Close enough.
	The window was unfamiliar. Lockpicking might not bea n option. But it was also wooden. Wood was especially easy for me to escape from. I held my hand up to the latch, kindling warmth at the palms of my hands. Smoke quickly began rising followed by a powerful burst of flame. The heat rushed into my hands, a feeling of power and adrenaline its compantion. It was done shortly. I slid the window up and rushed onto the roof tops. This is where I belong.
	
--------------------Chapter 02
	I didn't know where this place is, It was alien, or amybe I just didn't remember. Hardly matters. I'm tooo hungry to think of htat right now.They took some of my stuff. I need a knife, always can find a use for a good knife. I doubt they'll care that I'm gone, just another theif in a city full of them. Sitting on the roof, watching the hoofprints of unseen horses trod along the dirt carying people to and fro. I slid down the wall. There were men carrying strange contraptions *these are guns* I felt I did not want to encounter them. From the way they looked at me it was too late. They pointed at me and I knew it was time to run. They immediately gave chsase. I climbed the wall, knowing their confustion as to how I woas would give me a lot of extra time. I leapt across the rooftops with ease. The flat roofs made it easier to run accross, but it would also make it easier for my assailants.
	The door ahead of me flund open and one of the soliers stepped out. I switched direction right as another opened. I slowly walked backwards against a wall, ready to scale it. Ouch. Something sharp bit into my shoulder and arm. Small thorn-like splinters were imbeded with an object held by the soldier the likely origin. I felt a wave of nausea stumbling tohe ground. Tranquilizing poison of some kind. I thought. How did I not think of that?
	
--------------------Chapter 03
	I was tied down. I shot furious looks up at the womand from before. She had given up her quieries. 'Where do you think she's from? Her skin is so light and pale."
	"Do you think she's Rystallian?"
	"No, her hair is too red. She could be from the southern isles, but she must have some lighter skinned blood also.
	"I honestly don't give a fuck, where is he anyways? I'm tired of just sitting around."
	"He's probably at the school. He often stays late to help the kids."
	The door opened and a mna in a long white calf-length jacket. He halked with an air of casual familiarity as if the ground itself was an old friend. "Greetings, Kyela," he smiled at the grumpy man.
	"Took you long enough, I'm not a godamned babysitter tfor an escape-happy delinquient." he sneered
	"Well then I will take this escape-happy delinquient off your hands," the man in the jacket walked in the roo with a genuine grin. "So you're the kid who got caught stealing," he pulled various tools out from a small bag.
	I have him a blank silent loook. No point in answering I knew a pointless question when I see it.
	"Not a talker, I see. It seems I'll have to make up the difference," he chuckled with a gleam in his eyes.
	He pulled out a small glass jar and a roll of bandages.
	"I need to treat that wound on your shoulder, the toxin can cause more issues if it's not neutralized," he said, waiting expectantly for something. I simply stared back .
	He untied me and gingerly  removed my shirt. The sting of the liquid from the jarred liquid made gasp sharply through clenched teeth.
	"Sorry, I forgot to tell you it'll sting if you understand me at all," he gently srapped up the wound. "Would you like something to eat?"
	He clearly wanted to clear up his unsurity on my comprehension of the language, by using my likely hunger against me.
	"sure," I reluctantly replied.
	"Much obliged."
	
--------------------Chapter 03
	The deep roar on the horizon pressured me to increase my haste. ^It's approaching more quickly than ususal.^ Sharp cracks of light danced among the darm form, preparing for the inevitable blizzard. The large steed carried me with a steady gait.
	A eerie cry broke the sky with all the majesty a wolf could muster. I gripped the reins sharply towards the sound. I kicked into a gallop.
	^You get harder to find each time. Why are you displeased of me?^
	There ti stood,Above in its regal glory. Animal guides are notoriously finicky.
	I took off in pursuit, the form disappearing in the treeline. The mount was furious in its pace, trying in vain to help me find the spirit. Minutes of shasing, and I knew it had left me. The Elder Goddess seemed to be upset with me.
	The sound of hooves in the distance took me out of my own head. I turned 180 to meet the approacher.
	A unique silver mare was running through the deep snow. I gured the beast forward.
	"Dex, what are you doing out here?" I yelled.
	The 15 year old prince stopped once he was in reasonable distance, "Mom's worried about you. That blizzard is going to be massive."
	"You know why I have to be out here. I need divine guidance now more than ever."
	"The Goddesses can wait. Mom wants you home and so do I. A dead king can't help the kingdom anyways," he urged me.
	Finally I gave in, a chuckle jangling the metallic decorations on the saddle, "You're a long way from debating land ownership rights, but you've certainly got me convinced."
	I stared for a moment to the voliatile North, leaving behind the ominous mass of clouds behind.

--------------------Chapter --
	Mother has always been terse. It was a new school end I had to leave a -yd

--------------------Chapter --
***Breaks into Annex facility***
"Wow there are a lot of files in here."
	"You just expect to find what we need in here, Zephie?" Jayte
	"Well I guess that's a lot, but it's probably full of valualbel information." I said
	They started rumaging through files.
	"Hey I think these ones are in that language you kinda know" Dex bellowed.
	"Quiet! We're don't want too much attention right now" Jayte
	"Oh sorry"
	I tiptoed over to evade Jayte's grumpiness. It certainly was that mysterious language. At least the letters were the same. The level of complexity in these documents was far beyond my level. "I'm not sure if I can be much help with these ones. There have to be a few I can read."
	"Hey hey hey, I think I found something. It's about some kind of weapon! Just wjat we're looking ofr." Tallie wasys "The document reads
	Project EVE
	Log date: 1814/05/30
	Current Ichor Threshold Estimate: 1490 IC
	
	Today project EVE has surpased previous extrapolations in terms of various energy capabilities. It's function as a weapon is yet to be tested, recording and information storing functions are in full efficientcy.
	
	So it's called project EVE or something."
	
--------------------Chapter --
		The stranger stood glaring at us with purpose. "I'm looking for someone" he said with a sly grin. "A man named Jupiter"
	"Never heard of him" Jayte's father gruffed.
	"Really? Dark skin, white coat, god complex. He always makes sure to get involved in politics." He leaned on a wall awaiting our answer. Jayte was about to say something else when footsteps trailed down the hall outside.
	The stranger grinned ever wider and with a devilish grin he said "Hello, father"
	Ace seemed fairly shocked but still had a grasp on his usual formality.
	"Hello, Neo. A pleasant surprise when you're the one trying to find me."
	"Don't get used to it, I..." A confused look crossed his face. "Okay something's up with you, since when did you start to describe my presence as 'pleasant'?" 
	The often wiley face of Ace melted into a serious look.
	"Oh my god, you're dying." He said, a subtle degree of worry tugging at his eyebrows
	"Wouldn't be able to make a certain diagnosis, but I surmized as much."
	"What happened? I thought you were immortal, you could hardly get scratched before."
	The two exchanged a breif look and it was as if a message had been delivered. They both understood something unspoken.
	"Oh. Did you actually do it?"
	"I can't say anything for sure right now."
	Another spell of silence. All my years of navigation familial dynamics, I learned better than to get in the middle of something serious.
	"I found her."
	Aces face brightened up, "Is she safe?"
	"She's pretty banged up, but stable"
	"Where is she?"
	"On the west side of the city."
	Ace grabbed the bag he set down and eagerly said "then let's go"
	
	We set of by HoofTracker immediatlyt.
	
	"How long has it been since I've seen you last?" Neo asked Ace
	"Somewhere around 130 years I would think"
	"That's a long time. Why didn't you contact me?"
	"I was busy. I can't track you down across the galaxies while you're off playing space cowboy with delinquents"
	
	
	
	
*****
	
	"And whoa are you to tell me how to treat people? You've probably killed thousands of innocent people, and hurt many more!" Zephie yelled, tears forming
	"Didn't you ever think that I wanted you to be better than me?" Ace said, gently tilting her chin to look at him "I've made mistakes, so so many mistakes. I don't want you to go down the path I did. I created you to achieve victory in the face of my failures."
	
*****

	"So what's wrong with her? Is she gonna be alright?" Typhe said.
	"I don't know. She was made to be... disposable. The fact that she's already lasted through this much strife is surprising."
	"So what's stopping you? Why don't you just kill her now that she's fullfilled her purpose?" King Xarius sneered with malice.
	"Because I don't want to. She's my daughter and it's my fault she's hurt." Ace said with an expression of ultimate defeat and guilt.
	